fix timeout handling in GetObject for azure and gcs (#3285)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Ruler Experimental API: Don't allow rule groups without names or empty rule groups. #3210
* [BUGFIX] Experimental Alertmanager API: Do not allow empty Alertmanager configurations or bad template filenames to be submitted through the configuration API. #3185
* [BUGFIX] When using ruler sharding, moving all user rule groups from ruler to a different one and then back could end up with some user groups not being evaluated at all. #3235

> * [BUGFIX] fix timeout handling in `GetObject` method of azure and gcs object clients. #3285

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Honor configured timeout in Azure and GCS object clients. #3285
```

Author: I have pushed this change. Thanks for the review!

Reviewer: There are now two changelog entries.

Reviewer 2: Could you remove this line, given you added a new one below, please?

Author: Sorry, I guess I failed to rebase it properly. Will fix it. Thanks!
